Add ignoreNullFields option to allow writing NULL into CDF (#500)
cognitedata/cdp-spark-datasource: README.md

will have the same values. If you have a use case where this is not the case,
please let us know.

> Another option available for `.save()` writes is `.option("ignoreNullFields", "false")`. By default,
> the Data Source ignores NULLs when updating -- nothing is written to CDF when there is NULL
> in the field. This is usually useful for ignoring the columns which are irrelevant for a task,
> however it makes it impossible to null a field in the CDF. When the `ignoreNullFields` option is set
> to `false`, NULLs are written to CDF (when possible). Fields which are not even specified in the rows
> are still ignored.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Handling NULLs and empty fields
By default, the Spark Datasource ignores `NULL`s when updating: nothing is written to CDF when there is a `NULL`
in the field. This can be controlled by setting the `ignoreNullFields` option which defaults to `"true"` when using `.save()` writes. This is usually useful for ignoring the columns which are irrelevant for a task,
however it makes it impossible to null a field in CDF. When the `ignoreNullFields` option is set
to `false`, NULLs are written to CDF (when possible). Fields which are not specified are still ignored.
```
